so you're talking Pikachu with no
memories does it take to the caffeine
this is what a Frenchman would call
Caliente fiesta fridge this magic that
brought us together and that magic is
called hope we're gonna do this you and
me
use your body words we're nuts with the
gates say just say it you can hear him
right pick up your feet guys adorable
you're adorable they can't understand me
kids you no one else here I don't need a
Pokemon then what about a world-class
detective because if you want to find
your pops
I'm your best bet
what is that silent but deadly apologies
my tummy's batch from all the coffee
illness Pokemon detective Pikachu
[Music]